Added explanation for "Applied" option while creating new checkout term and condition (#1366)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/terms-and-conditions.md

1. Set **Status** to `Enabled`.

1. Set **Applied** to `Automatically` or `Manually`.

>    |`Automatically`|Condition will be accepted automatically on checkout.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |`Automatically`|Condition will be accepted automatically upon the checkout.|
```

>    |`Manually`|Customers are required manually accept created condition for placing an order on checkout page.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |`Manually`|Customers are required to manually accept the created condition for placing an order on the checkout page.|
```
